# Legedith/Resuminator


I want you to create an app where a user can upload their resume, be it in Latex format or Docx format. If it is in Docx format, the first part of the process would be to parse it and to turn it into Latex format. I will give you a Latex template for resumes that you can use as a base template. What you have to do is, given the user's resume data and the resume template, and sometimes it might happen that user has already given you a resume that is already in Latex. If it is already in Latex, then we don't put it into our template, then we just edit their resume. Then we will show user a chat interface. In the chat interface, user should be able to talk to the interface and tell it that, let's say, I want to change my experience, I want to add a new experience like this, or I want to remove something, or I want to do this, do that. Based on that, all you have to do is update the Latex code for the user's resume, according to what the user is saying. Then render it and show it on the screen. Also show a download button. The user should be able to switch from preview to code, and then maybe themselves they should be able to also change the code. This should be a web app, and on the web app there should be a configure button. Clicking on which, it should say configure OpenAI. And clicking on it should show the user a place where they can put in their API key. And they should be able to put in a model name. And in the backend, we will use Python. And you should always use UV to install Python, and UV to manage dependencies. And you should use OpenAI's API. They also have structured formats, and make sure to remember that you are going to be editing latex files.
